Update downgradecancel-account.mdx (#19114)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/account-setup/downgradecancel-account.mdx

* Your organization only has one account. If your organization has more than one account:
  1. Cancel additional accounts using our [Nerdgraph API](/docs/apis/nerdgraph/examples/manage-accounts-nerdgraph) (see [Cancel an account](#cancel-account)).
  2. After you've cancelled all but one account, contact [New Relic support](/docs/using-new-relic/welcome-new-relic/get-started/find-help-use-support-portal) to remove any cancelled accounts.

> * Your organization only has one authentication domain.
>   * Customers can delete additional authentication domains, once all users have been removed from them, via the [UI](https://forum.newrelic.com/s/hubtopic/aAXPh0000006Wd7OAE/delete-authentication-domains) or [Nerdgraph](https://forum.newrelic.com/s/hubtopic/aAXPh000000664LOAQ/api-endpoint-to-delete-authentication-domains).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Your organization only has one authentication domain.
  * If you've created additional authentication domains and want to delete them, you must remove users from domains first and then delete the domain [directly in the UI](https://forum.newrelic.com/s/hubtopic/aAXPh0000006Wd7OAE/delete-authentication-domains) or [with Nerdgraph](https://forum.newrelic.com/s/hubtopic/aAXPh000000664LOAQ/api-endpoint-to-delete-authentication-domains).
```

Reviewer: @johnathannewrelic Does this revision look OK?
